docs: add known issue PE-7313 (#7798)
spectrocloud/librarium: docs/docs-content/release-notes/known-issues.md

> | Due to [an upstream issue with Go library and CLIs for working with container registries](https://github.com/google/go-containerregistry/issues/2124), Unintended or non-graceful reboots during content push operations to registries can cause consistency issues, leading to content sync in locally managed clusters throwing the `content-lengh: 0 ` error.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    | Refer to [Troubleshooting] for the workaround.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   | August 19, 2025    | Edge                         |

Reviewer: Looks like you 
```suggestion
| Due to [an upstream issue with a Go library and CLIs for working with container registries](https://github.com/google/go-containerregistry/issues/2124), unintended or non-graceful reboots during content push operations to registries can cause consistency issues. This leads to content sync in locally managed clusters throwing the `content-length: 0 ` error.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    | Refer to [Troubleshooting - Edge](https://deploy-preview-7798--docs-spectrocloud.netlify.app/troubleshooting/edge/#scenario---content-length-0-errors-during-content-synchronization) for the workaround.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   | August 19, 2025    | Edge                         |
```

1. Divided the long phrase into 2.
2. Added article before "Go library"
3. Fixed typos Unintended->unintended and lengt->length
4. Added link to the Troubleshooting guide.

> | Due to [an upstream issue with a Go library and CLIs for working with container registries](https://github.com/google/go-containerregistry/issues/2124), unintended or non-graceful reboots during content push operations to registries can cause consistency issues. This leads to content sync in locally managed clusters throwing the `content-length: 0 ` error.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              | Refer to [Troubleshooting - Edge](https://deploy-preview-7798--docs-spectrocloud.netlify.app/troubleshooting/edge/#scenario---content-length-0-errors-during-content-synchronization) for the workaround.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        | August 19, 2025    | Edge                         |

Author: ```suggestion
| Due to [an upstream issue with a Go library and CLIs for working with container registries](https://github.com/google/go-containerregistry/issues/2124), unintended or non-graceful reboots during content push operations to registries can cause consistency issues. This leads to content sync in locally managed clusters throwing the `content-length: 0 ` error.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              | Refer to [Troubleshooting - Edge](https://deploy-preview-7798--docs-spectrocloud.netlify.app/troubleshooting/edge/#scenario---content-length-0-errors-during-content-synchronization) for the workaround.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        | August 17, 2025    | Edge                         |
```
